README.md, before:

# Leetcode
Non executable code of Leetcode problems that I've found difficult, to reference later or help others.

## Binary Search
| Problem | Solution | Hints |
|---|---|---|
| [Koko Eating Bananas](https://leetcode.com/problems/koko-eating-bananas) | [KokoEatingBananas](Problems/KokoEatingBananas/) | Don't return when a match is found and track the highest k |

## Linked List
| Problem | Solution | Hints |
|---|---|---|
| [Reorder List](https://leetcode.com/problems/reorder-list) | [ReorderList](Problems/ReorderList/) | Use fast pointer to find the middle. Create two lists, reversing the second half. Merge both halves. |
| [Remove Nth Node From End of List](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list) | [RemoveNthNodeFromEndOfList](Problems/RemoveNthNodeFromEndOfList/) | Find the length of the list, iterate through again, removing the Nth node from last |
| [Copy List With Random Pointer](https://leetcode.com/problems/copy-list-with-random-pointer) | [CopyListWithRandomPointer](Problems/CopyListWithRandomPointer/) | Use a map of old to new nodes |
| [Add Two Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers) | [AddTwoNumbers](Problems/AddTwoNumbers/) | Reverse l1 and l2, add them, reverse the result and parse to linked list. |

## Sliding Window
| Problem | Solution | Hints |
|---|---|---|
| [Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters) | [LongestSubstringWithoutRepeatingCharacters](Problems/LongestSubstringWithoutRepeatingCharacters/) | Primary loop with right pointer, moving the left pointer when duplicates are discovered. |
| [Longest Repeating Character Replacement](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-repeating-character-replacement) | [LongestRepeatingCharacterReplacement](Problems/LongestRepeatingCharacterReplacement) | For loop with right pointer, move left pointer when window size minus max letter count exceeds k. |

## Stack
| Problem | Solution | Hints |
|---|---|---|
| [Daily Temperatures](https://leetcode.com/problems/daily-temperatures) | [DailyTemperatures](Problems/DailyTemperatures/) | When a prevTemp is higher than the curTemp, pop off the stack and get the difference in days. |

Commit message:

Add Find the Duplicate Number

README.md, after:

# Leetcode
Non executable code of Leetcode problems that I've found difficult, to reference later or help others.

## Binary Search
| Problem | Solution | Hints |
|---|---|---|
| [Koko Eating Bananas](https://leetcode.com/problems/koko-eating-bananas) | [KokoEatingBananas](Problems/KokoEatingBananas/) | Don't return when a match is found and track the highest k |

## Linked List
| Problem | Solution | Hints |
|---|---|---|
| [Reorder List](https://leetcode.com/problems/reorder-list) | [ReorderList](Problems/ReorderList/) | Use fast pointer to find the middle. Create two lists, reversing the second half. Merge both halves. |
| [Remove Nth Node From End of List](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list) | [RemoveNthNodeFromEndOfList](Problems/RemoveNthNodeFromEndOfList/) | Find the length of the list, iterate through again, removing the Nth node from last |
| [Copy List With Random Pointer](https://leetcode.com/problems/copy-list-with-random-pointer) | [CopyListWithRandomPointer](Problems/CopyListWithRandomPointer/) | Use a map of old to new nodes |
| [Add Two Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers) | [AddTwoNumbers](Problems/AddTwoNumbers/) | Reverse l1 and l2, add them, reverse the result and parse to linked list. |
| [Find the Duplicate Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-the-duplicate-number) | [FindTheDuplicateNumber](Problems/FindTheDuplicateNumber) | Detect cycle using Floyd's Cycle detection, reset a pointer and iterate both by one, returning the result. |

## Sliding Window
| Problem | Solution | Hints |
|---|---|---|
| [Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters) | [LongestSubstringWithoutRepeatingCharacters](Problems/LongestSubstringWithoutRepeatingCharacters/) | Primary loop with right pointer, moving the left pointer when duplicates are discovered. |
| [Longest Repeating Character Replacement](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-repeating-character-replacement) | [LongestRepeatingCharacterReplacement](Problems/LongestRepeatingCharacterReplacement) | For loop with right pointer, move left pointer when window size minus max letter count exceeds k. |

## Stack
| Problem | Solution | Hints |
|---|---|---|
| [Daily Temperatures](https://leetcode.com/problems/daily-temperatures) | [DailyTemperatures](Problems/DailyTemperatures/) | When a prevTemp is higher than the curTemp, pop off the stack and get the difference in days. |
